docs: Add Documentation for Sharing Collections (#2368)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/collection.md

You can create a collection from the Collections page, or the  _Create New ..._ shortcut from the org overview.

### Adding Collection Content

Collections are the primary way of organizing and combining archived items into groups for presentation.

> !!! tip "Tip: Combining items from multiple sources"

Reviewer: Maybe a nit, but this seems more like a major highlight of the collections feature than a tip! What if the previous paragraph was tweaked to mention the "combining items from multiple sources" use case, and then the tip is more specifically "Tip: Patch a crawl with manual captures"?

Author: Sounds like a good improvement!  Will make this change.

    If the crawler has not captured every resource or interaction on a webpage, our [ArchiveWeb.page browser extension](https://webrecorder.net/archivewebpage) can be used to manually capture missing content and upload it directly to your org.

>     After adding the crawl and the upload to a collection, the content from both will become available in the replay viewer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    After adding crawls and uploads to a collection, content from both will become available in the replay viewer.
```

Crawls and uploads can be added to a collection after creation by selecting _Select Archived Items_ from the collection's actions menu.

> A crawl workflow can also be set to [automatically add any completed archived items to a collection](workflow-setup.md#collection-auto-add) in the workflow's settings.

Reviewer 2: I _think_ in this case it'd be less confusing to use "crawls"?
```suggestion
A crawl workflow can also be set to [automatically add any completed crawls to a collection](workflow-setup.md#collection-auto-add) in the workflow's settings.
```

## Downloading Collections

> Downloading a collection will export every archived item within it as a single WACZ file. To download a collection, use the _Download Collection_ option under the collection's _Actions_ dropdown.

Reviewer: Nit, but "in" is less specific to a component of something that is "organized" or "combined" (vs. "within", which implies interiority)
```suggestion
Downloading a collection will export every archived item in it as a single WACZ file. To download a collection, use the _Download Collection_ option under the collection's _Actions_ dropdown.
```

Author: These are the nitpicks I live for.  Completely agreed.
